
Dear Michael,

Congratulations! You are invited to join the Honor Society. Accepting this distinction connects you with like-minded high achievers from your region and across the nation, both in person and through our society's web portal. Our network helps connect you with leaders from high profile universities and employers across the nation.

Honor Society­ is the preeminent organization dedicated to recognition of academic and professional success. Our society empowers members to achieve through scholarship, recognition, exclusive privileges, job opportunities and much more. Honor Society recognizes your achievements to date, and builds a framework for future success.

Michael Justice?:
Activate your Honor Society Membership
The deadline to activate membership is September 26, 2017 at 5 p.m. EST.
Featured Privileges

	
Exclusive Scholarship Listings
Next Deadline: 9/12/2017 >>
	
Full Access to Career Insider Guide books and tools by Vault­.com (up to $1,000 value)
Learn More >>
	
Dental, Vision and Hearing Health Discount Plans valid at 200,000 access points nationwide
Learn More >>
	
Honor Society­ regalia - honor cords & tassels
Learn More >>
	
Dining discounts at 18,000 restaurant nationwide
Learn More >>
Michael Justice?:
Activate your Honor Society Membership
The deadline to activate membership is September 26, 2017 at 5 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.

Graduation Regalia & Honor Cords

Honor Society­ regalia is available exclusively for Honor Society­ members. Display your recognition and member standing with the double stranded royal blue and gold themed honor cords, stoles and medallions of Honor Society­ on your graduation day, or for a keepsake.
 
View Shop
The Honor Society­ Advantage

Scholarships | Internship & Job Opportunities | Exclusive Privileges | Recognition | Networking | Service

Induction Ceremony with LA Mayor

Honor Society­ speakers discuss leadership, global awareness, and civic responsibility at the Honor Society­ member ceremony.
 
Read More

Honor Society Health Discount Plan

Through our partnership with Careington, Honor Society­ active members enjoy discounts on dental, vision, hearing, LASIK vision correction and more!
 
Read More

Washington DC Member Trip Recap

View highlights from the Honor Society­ member trip to Washington D.C. Relive 5 days of fun, networking, and memorable experiences.
 
View Trip
Our mission is to help you maximize your academic, leadership and networking potential. Honor Society­ recognizes your achievements to date, but more importantly builds a framework for future success. From networking, to leadership opportunities, to exclusive member trips and content, our society exists to help you achieve even more.
For more information, see our FAQ page.	

Find us on Linkedin	Our Facebook Page	Our Instagram
YouTube Channel	Visit Honor Society	Contact us


This email was sent by Honor Society. 
1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW • Suite 1000 • Washington, DC 20036
FAQs  • Contact us

Honor Society - Strength and Honor
This email is exclusively for: mrjustice1991@yahoo.com
 

